Change CreateTraceProcessor and CreateMetricsProcessor to be consistent with receivers/logs processor and exporters. (#1785)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## 🛑 Breaking changes 🛑

> - Change CreateTraceProcessor and CreateMetricsProcessor to be consistent with receivers/logs processor and exporters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change CreateTraceProcessor and CreateMetricsProcessor to use the same parameter order as receivers/logs processor and exporters.
```

Author: Done.
